zh, en: fix initialCommitTs for drainer (#1165)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-tidb-binlog.md

    The `clusterName` and `clusterVersion` must match the desired source TiDB cluster.

>     The `initialCommitTs` is the starting commit timestamp of data replication when Drainer has no checkpoint and must be set as string type, such as `"424364429251444742"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `initialCommitTs` is the starting commit timestamp of data replication when Drainer has no checkpoint. The value must be set as a string type, such as `"424364429251444742"`.
```
